## How does the CLARIAH Media Suite work?

- From a user perspective, the CLARIAH Media Suite is a "virtual research environment" (VRE) with a user-friendly interface (plus other more advanced services to work with data directly).
- It enables users to access important Dutch audio-visual collections and their related sources via search and browsing tools. The embedded functionalities for bookmarking and annotating allow users to save their corpora and perform more detailed annotations and enrichments with these corpora.
- Ideally, users start by creating a so-called "[[User project]]", to which they can add bookmarks, annotations, queries, navigation paths, and tool sessions. This helps users to do basic analysis work of the sources in the Media Suite's workspace, and keep track of their work progress over time. The basic exporting features allow users to combine and query these corpora, their enrichments and annotations.
- Because user-friendliness can limit flexibility of more advanced users in working with the actual data, we include in Version 3 a number of experimental [[Jupyter notebooks]] to enable users with some level of python knowledge to perform more advanced processing of the data offered in the Media Suite. In any case, because most of the collections that are offered in this environment are copyright-protected or have privacy restrictions to be exported or shared, users have to log in to work with these data, also with the [[Jupyter notebooks]], and to view the actual digital sources in the authenticated environment.